Emilio, I want you to explain to us how
when a client comes to you who says no, or
rather like when a
person like me comes to you who doesn't understand
anything at all and suddenly
finds out that I said there is no
inheritance but I mean there is no will,
okay, in other words, there is
a person who has passed away, no, and we
find out that there is no will and
now it turns out that
Jesús Manuel has come out and said the following, I do
n't know if this means something different
because it turns out that Jesús Manuel says
the third of the strict legitimate and
improvement belongs to his daughters, to his
grandchildren, José María Carmen or Alejandra and
his driver at his free disposal, I don't
know if this has changed at all or This is
how it
could be, but he doesn't have a will,
is that Aurelio said no? Yes, yesterday
Aurelio said no and Aurelio, I
know because I have spoken to him that, or
rather, this information comes to him from a
reliable source. This is not an invention or
something that he has come up with just like that,
eh, or rather, no, Gustavo, there won't
be a single euro, among other things,
that's why they have worked gh VIP, of course not  there's going to
be nothing, let's see. This is a will
in avitestato as it is said, meaning there is no
absence of a will. Okay, so
here
the third of the legitimate portion as such
is always for the children. If
there were more heirs, but in this case he only has two, two children, what the judge has to do is a declaration, the judge, not the notary, a declaration of heirs and the declarations of heirs, the only ones they give him are the relatives, okay, the relatives in line of consanguinity, in
this case he has two daughters, it would be half
for each one. Period. Ball, nothing more, he
could not inherit anything. He does not, he does not have. He does not have a
legitimate portion, nor is he not a relative or anything. No, he would not
have anything to inherit. It would be
half for each daughter, but within the
free disposition
there yes, it can, no. That is, if she
legally decides to leave him something, yes, if she
had decided, of course, let's see, the
inheritances are divided into three, into three
thirds of free edition, the
one that now I do not remember what it is
called, but it is the one with free
disposition, it is for the legitimate portion, it is for
each child. Period. There is nothing more, the
children or if a child dies, for the
grandchild  because it goes by
blood line the next one is that it
is also for the Heirs But
you can choose that Heir You give it to him or you
give it in three parts well you give it to
only one and the last one is for free disposal
which is for free disposal for that
whoever you want are the three thirds
then you could only draw from the
free disposal but if it is an
inheritance Christmas state no no no has No has not
provided anything for anyone it is free
disposal with which the notary will say
that it is half for each daughter and that's it, in other words
right now if there is no will what there is
is of all the belongings that
María Teresa has it
is for two daughters for each one chimpón there is
no more discussion of heirs and
half for each one there is nothing more that they
can do unless he
proves that she would have some type
through judicial means
some type he may have some type of
paper or some type of living will or
something of that type that could
demonstrate the intention of having left him
something but that is very difficult very difficult very
complicated no I mean because you can
have Imagine that you can have that you
have an audio or a call or  something with
her recorded that says I'm going to leave you
This yes Well but she could have
left you that or she could have told you that but
then
if the declaration of Heirs in the in
the Ministry of Justice there is no
registered will where you see
the last will is the current one there
is nothing to do there is nothing to
do Come on
Marina I don't know if there is any question that you
want to ask Emilio let's
see me it seems very strange to me
because
we have been for months or rather before
we knew that María Teresa was so
sick already in the head with this issue of it
sounds a little frivolous but well
speculating it was speculated even it was
rumored
in the end of course in the end for María
Teresa Gustavo has always been
literally like a son So I don't
know Of course this I repeat is speculating
maybe in life we ​​also don't know
the details beyond what we know that she has
shared trips with him details
well material as well I suppose in life
and yes it is true that
no Let's see how I explain it to you I don't know if
Beyond what is strictly legal she
could have left him something
as I say the support in life not
more sentimental but to her  maybe also
have a good economic value in life
I mean if it hasn't been in life it always has to be
in writing right I mean of
course
I understand what you're saying of course yes he has
left some bear he has made a purchase
and sale Well that there are many things to
do or he has made a donation in life I
could have made a donation in life
of course he
talks about the dog there was no talk of a
dog which was the only thing so it
surprises me a little that three
weeks before we found out that
Alejandra Rubio has no reason to lie
there that we knew well that María
Teresa is already in the hospital this
man
decides to resign from his job
because he already knew evidently that she was in
negotiations with the brother who was going to
participate in that reality that he said
resign a little cold all No already
apart from The legal I told you to admit that do
not give explanations to the family of
why I mean do not tell the real
reason because it is true that there is
a confidentiality agreement but
we are talking about Terelu
Carmen Borrego and at most Alejandra
Rubio who are people with whom he has
been 10  20 30 years that there is a
trust beyond, I mean, one thing is that to
me, for example, a representative who in the
end we were right tells me that he is not going to
participate because it is
exclusively yours, of course not, well. And this
thing and another thing is that this gentleman does
not include those he considers his family to
participate, he tried because he
was no longer in the position perhaps to understand, to
understand that, and he even speculates
that María Teresa Campos had told him. Well, it
is good that he took all the
opportunities that, taking advantage of the fact that this
lady has passed away and that of course the
poor woman is no longer taking advantage of a
person who is no longer here and who cannot
speak about it, no, then
the margin of what is legal, I
think it is good since it is no longer
a topic to talk about, that you can
answer me, Emilio, no, it is more a little bit
about what is legal, I want to tell you that the
intentions of this gentleman, I clearly
see,
I see, and I believe that time, this
gentleman, Germán, is going to prove us a little bit
right, that they are, a little bit, that
if for the moment he does not speak badly of
María Teresa Campos, which I believe that at
some point, and of the family, he will end up
doing so because he has a lot to tell, I
think  that he's going to end up proving us right saying
that he's a wolf in sheep's clothing and I
think that his intentions are purely
economic with respect to the family and I
think Well no if obviously Maria
Teresa hasn't left anything in writing so she wouldn't
have anything obviously nothing to
do because of course in the end there's no
connection there's no link there's
nothing no no she can't do anything there
anywhere no she can't do anything nothing at
all for my nephews or anything those who
are not among those obligated to me there's one
thing that seems strange to me is that they say
that the notary has summoned them to
open her will to open
the hereditary estate what she has but
if she doesn't have a will she has nothing to
open it's them that have to
present the hereditary corpse and make
a declaration of heirs if there is no
will it seems very strange to me that they
go to the notary and open the assets that
she has no I don't know if
such a person has made a will it
's very strange to me it seems very
strange or rather what would be the reason or a
reason that would make sense of why
someone like
Maria Teresa hasn't made a will or rather when she goes  time
cognitive deterioration and that goes more in
what moment not the only thing So it is the
only excuse that I can think of that the
only reason that can exist for
such a person not to have made a
will in a plan that everything goes to
a single person the only thing I can think of
is what can happen to any
of us that you know that you have your
children that you have your intention of
leaving it to your children and and in that case it does not matter to
have a will that is not the
same It does not give you Exactly the same to have a will
that you do not know that the
peace of mind that it will be half for
each of the children that you are not going to do
anything extraordinary in the will or
leave anyone alone and then Well you
do it Why don't you do it well I don't have it
done but I know that it will be for
four children but
whatever you want I will leave you a part
But if you want I will leave them all
four for you to raise There is some